README.md, before:

# Arduino
Code/Ideas for my Arduino projects!
DIY Pipboy 3000 setup with TFT screen and analog buttons for control alpha v .1



****INDEX***
<to be implemented>




*************************************INSTALLATION***********************************************


1.Files Included with pipbot open source project.
  - 3D Print Files for Frame for the Pipboy3000
  - 3D Print files for fallout4 edition will be added a later time.
  - thanks to YTECH for sharing this project the mproject described on this page is licensed under the Creative commons - Attribution  - ShareAlike license.
  - look at wiring diagram  plus hook up for arduino.


2.Parts Needed
  - 3D printer source files from dragonator.
  - 4D Systems 4.3 inch touch display.
  - 8 gig micro SD card.
  - Adafruit PowerBoost 500 charger/booster.
  - Lipo 2500mAh 3.7v battery.
  - USB breakout board.
  - 10 Position rotary switch.
  - 3 orange LED's.
  - 1 red LED.
  - 1-10k resistor.
  - 2-220ohm resistors.
  - raspberry pi or arduino for addtional add-ons

Commit message:

changes to readme
added a wiring diagram

README.md, after:

# Arduino
Code/Ideas for my Arduino projects!
DIY Pipboy 3000 setup with TFT screen and analog buttons for control alpha v .1
NOTE readme.md is still being updated



****INDEX***
<to be implemented>




*************************************INSTALLATION***********************************************


1.Files Included with pipbot open source project.
  - 3D Print Files for Frame for the Pipboy3000
  - 3D Print files for fallout4 edition will be added a later time.
  - thanks to YTECH for sharing this project the mproject described on this page is licensed under the Creative commons - Attribution  - ShareAlike license.
  - look at wiring diagram in the img folder for hook-up for 4d systems screen.
  - use 4D systems IDE to install files to screen.
  - the pipboy.ino file is the code for the buttons to interact with the screen plus features.


2.Parts Needed
  - 3D printer source files from dragonator.
  - 4D Systems 4.3 inch touch display.
  - 8 gig micro SD card.
  - Adafruit PowerBoost 500 charger/booster.
  - Lipo 2500mAh 3.7v battery.
  - USB breakout board.
  - 10 Position rotary switch.
  - 3 orange LED's.
  - 1 red LED.
  - 1-10k resistor.
  - 2-220ohm resistors.
  - raspberry pi or arduino for addtional add-ons
